{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2500;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\b\f0\fs24 Site identity information\b0\fs20\par
The site identity information shows what information can be verified about the site that has requested an Information Card from you. You can review this information and the site\rquote s privacy statement to learn where your information will be sent. Then, you can decide whether you want to send a card to the site.\par
\par
\b Why is it important to review this information?\b0\par
You should review this information to learn who will receive your card data if you decide to send a card. Malicious sites can impersonate legitimate sites in an attempt to steal your personal information. These malicious sites are often difficult to detect. The site information helps you decide whether you will send a card to this site or not. The more information about a site that you can verify, the more confident you can be that the site is genuine.\par
\par
\b What does the site identity information tell me?\par
\b0 The site identity information shows what information about the site has been verified by a third party called a certification authority (CA). A CA is an organization that certifies and verifies identity information. The more information that the CA can verify, the more confident you can be that the site is genuine. To be verified, the site must have been issued an Extended Validation (EV) certificate by a CA. Verifiable information can include the following:\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\b Name\b0 : The published name of the site, for example, Contoso, Ltd.\par
\b{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Location\b0 : The geographical location of the business or organization, for example, Redmond, Washington)\par
\b{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Site\b0 : The domain name of the site, for example, www.contoso.com\par
\b{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Logo\b0 : The logo of the site\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\b What should I review about the site information?\b0\par
If you are considering sending a card to this site, make sure that the site's information seems appropriate to the site. The more information that matches your expectations for the site, the more confident you can be that the site is what it claims to be. The domain name of a business or organization often includes or resembles the name of the business or organization. If the name, location, and logo of a site are available, they should be appropriate to the site.\par
\par
\b What is a logo?\par
\b0 A logo is an image that a business or organization uses to represent itself. Sites with EV certificates can include their logo to verify their identity. If a site includes its logo in its certificate, the logo should seem appropriate to the site, and the logo should appear on Windows CardSpace screens from which you can send a card. \par
\par
\b How can banks or major Internet businesses choose to better identify themselves for my protection?\par
\b0 To better protect users and combat identity theft, banks and major Internet businesses can sign their site with an EV certificate. EV certificates are issued by a CA. They include the name, location, and logo of the site. If you are asked for personal information, such as credit card numbers or bank information, provide it only if there is a good reason to do so. You should be confident that the site is using your information properly and in a secure manner before you provide any information.\par
\par
\b What if a site\rquote s identity is not verified at all?\par
\b0 When a website does not have a certificate, it cannot be verified. The lack of a certificate means that all data that is sent to the site is not encrypted. (That is, it is sent in clear text.) Therefore, it can be viewed by others. When a site does not have a certificate, we recommend that you not send sensitive information, such as Social Security numbers or credit card numbers, to the site. Depending on your individual preferences, sensitive information may also include your date of birth, street address, or phone number. You should consider giving this information only to a site that you know and trust. \par
\par
However, when a website does not have a certificate and cannot be verified by a CA, it does not necessarily mean that you cannot trust it. Ask reliable friends or colleagues about the site. Search for references to the site on the Internet to see if a source, such as a magazine or company that you do trust, refers to it. Read the site's privacy statements or other disclosures. (But keep in mind that the site might not necessarily abide by them.)\par
\par
Websites that do not have certificates are also susceptible to a new form of deception called \ldblquote pharming.\rdblquote  Pharming occurs when malicious users redirect Internet traffic from one site to a different, identical-looking site to trick you into entering your user name and password into the database on their fake site. Malicious users may try to acquire your personal information so that they can access your bank account, steal your identity, or commit other kinds of fraud in your name. Banking sites and similar financial sites are often the targets of these attacks. \par
\par
\b What is a privacy statement?\par
\b0 A privacy statement is a statement that is published by a website or online service that tells you how your information will be used. The privacy statement normally indicates whether your information will be shared with other companies. It often includes information about whether your data will be used for marketing purposes. For more information, or if a privacy statement is not available, visit the site to review its online privacy statement.\par
\par
\b Why am I being asked for a card?\b0\par
A site has requested a card to prove who you are or to provide specific information about you to the site. If you did not initiate this request, do not send a card. To return to the site, click \b No, return to the site\b0 . If you did initiate this request, review the site information and then decide whether or not you want to choose a card to send to this site.\par
\par
\b Why does Windows CardSpace repeatedly open when I close it? \par
\b0 If Windows CardSpace reopens every time that you close it, you may be trapped by a broken or malicious site. The site is causing Windows CardSpace to reopen every time that you close it. To exit Windows CardSpace, click \b Exit Windows CardSpace without returning to the site\b0 . Clicking this link will take you to your browser without returning to the site that is opening Windows CardSpace.\par
\par
\b What should I do?\b0\par
Decide if you want to send your personal information to this site. Click one of the following options:\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\b Yes, choose a card to send to this site\b0 . You can review your cards and choose a card to send to the site. You can also cancel before sending any cards.\par
\b{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}No, return to the site\b0 . No information will be sent.\par
\pard\f1\par
}